I've never met a person who isn't as
much fear of his mother's you do what I
should tell my mother what we do in here
at night what that you play video games
and I fall asleep unfulfilled
she calls you callow in here you say
that like it's bad all it means
frightening weak will I was the only
part of the letter I thought was
complimentary this is Brody's private
hell what the hell of that come from
what's going on here and leaves
groaning man nature no cheese for his
friend
oh sorry it's alright
what's a stink palm take your hand you
stick it like this there now you shake
hands with the guy you know long it
takes for that smell to come off you
stare at these things long enough you're
supposed to see some kind of hidden
three-dimensional picture oh yeah look
the sailboat you saw - damn it we we
slept together one time remember in high
school that ski trip that was you dude
this looks like your mom
bye-bye Easter Bunny there is no Easter
Bunny you know about this gameshow a
thing you got going on here well we need
you guys to somehow ensure that it
doesn't happen
and welcome to truth art a second suitor
would you ever make whoopee in public
I I think that's kind of personal I
don't think I should answer that
Mallrats you said it was a good size and
girl says it's a good size it's a nice
great statement mom what else did you
expect from the director of clerks